[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
Krys Ra El with us, Noeticist,
soul guide and ether physicist
who provides an enticing
atmosphere for the soul
to expand through transcendent
yet grounding information
and experiences.
Quite a field you're in, Krys.
Welcome to the show.
>>KRYS RA EL: you, George.
Thanks for having me.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>>RA EL: Amazing.
Yeah.
It's been an amazing experience
here in Boulder, Colorado.
And now I'm here
getting ready to talk
about some pretty
life-changing topics.
>>NOORY: Looking
forward to meeting you
after your great debut
on the radio show.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
I mean, it was
funny because I know
we had that interview
a while ago,
and now, here we
are in the physical.
So instant materialization.
>>NOORY: What is a Noeticist?
>>RA EL: A Noeticist
is someone who
understands reality
from inside themselves,
inside their own mind.
So I'm a Noeticist, meaning
that a lot of my downloads
and insights stem from
my own consciousness
without any external
influences, books.
It's a streamline
of information that
comes straight from the source.
>>NOORY: Krys, the late
Apollo 14 Astronaut
Edgar Mitchell started
an organization,
the Institute of
Noetic Sciences,
very similar to what you do.
>>RA EL: Yes.
I actually did not know that.
So that's another hint at
what noetics really is.
>>NOORY: And it still exists,
so it's still out there.
You should look them up.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I think
they'd love you.
How did you get into this?
>>RA EL: So I am here
to offer information,
wisdom to help
humanity move forward.
So how I got into
this is by being it.
So this is who I am.
It's something that I've been
called to do from the source,
you could say, my own heart.
I've had a lot of
profound experiences
that are very mystical, but
yet grounding at the same time.
So just taking those
chances to share
those experiences with people.
>>NOORY: You call
yourself a Starwalker.
>>RA EL: Yes.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>RA EL: So it's
like a Starseed.
But I don't identify
with one race.
I see myself as an expression of
the source, more of an Ethereum,
a being who has
become self-aware.
I've had many
different incarnations
and different realms, different
lifetimes, planets, species.
So I walk amongst the stars,
gaining wisdom and knowledge
and sharing it with
developing races.
So--
>>NOORY: You've had an ET
contactee experience, too,
haven't you?
>>RA EL: Had plenty.
Yes.
>>NOORY: How did this evolve?
Since you were a little boy?
>>RA EL: Yeah.
Yep.
Ever since I was
young, I would have
very vivid and lucid dreams.
I remember being on different--
you could say planets, but,
you know, different crafts.
And I would also meet
people in waking life
who would be there one moment
and then disappear the next.
Come to find out, these
were ETs showing up
to me in the physical--
to help me stay on the path,
help me develop the way
I was meant to.
And that's not including
my walking experience.
>>NOORY: Were they
all benevolent?
>>RA EL: Every experience--
every experience I've had
has been positive,
and I've never
had a negative ET experience.
But that's also
because my mission here
is one of benevolence.
If my mission here
was not, then I
may have alternative
experiences.
>>NOORY: You're a good guy.
>>RA EL: I would like to say so.
Yes, I am.
>>NOORY: You had a very strange
phone call once, didn't you?
>>RA EL: Yes, I did.
>>NOORY: Let's
take a look at it.
>>RA EL: OK.
Yeah.
Let's check it out.
[INDISTINCT]
>>RA EL: Sorry this is too
interesting just to ignore.
[LAUGHS] I can't
hear you at all.
Sounds like-- something's
trying to come through.
[INDISTINCT]
>>RA EL: Hello?
>>RA EL: All right.
You want to hang up?
Hold on one second.
[INDISTINCT]
>> Listen to yourself.
They can not control you.
They can not hurt you.
Listen to yourself.
They can not control you.
They can not hurt you.
>>NOORY: Krys, what
was that all about?
>>RA EL: Where to begin?
So that was-- so I
got to preface this
by saying a lot of
ET communication
isn't just done
through channeling.
It's not done through just
people sitting in meditation.
Sometimes, it's
experiences like this
or you meet people on
the street and they're
from a different planet--
>>NOORY: Through electronics
and stuff like that.
>>RA EL: So a
couple of years ago,
I was outside making contact,
looking at starships in the sky,
and I said, can you
come through the phone?
Because at that point in time,
I had a device on my phone
that could measure the
electromagnetic field.
And if there was another energy
around it, it would beep.
Nothing happened that night.
But the next day, they
came through the phone.
And what I think is a profound
about that video is that--
if you look at it from
a logistical standpoint,
there's my partner
on the other end.
She can't-- she can hear
me, but I can't hear her.
But then she also cannot hear
this other voice that's coming
through.
So there is something
otherworldly
happening with that cell phone.
And my star team was
interfacing, basically saying,
hey, we're here, listen to
yourself, they cannot hurt you,
they cannot control you.
The reason it
sounds so distorted
is because the
technology that they use
is so far beyond a
cell phone that it's
like us trying to
communicate with people
who live in the jungle using--
>>NOORY: Tin cans.
>>RA EL: Tin cans or something.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>RA EL: So-- yeah.
>>NOORY: Was there a caller ID
that showed up by any chance?
>>RA EL: There was no caller ID.
There was no call failed.
Nothing.
Nothing like that.
It was just a simple
voice that came through,
but nothing else changed.
So it was real.
I've never seen
an iPhone do that.
>>NOORY: That's strange.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Did you
feel scared at all?
>>RA EL: No, not at all.
Nope.
I felt curious.
I actually felt really excited.
And I-- wanted to learn
who was behind that call.
And I do think that I've come
to that conclusion present day.
But--
>>NOORY: Who do
you think that was?
>>RA EL: It was my it
was my star family.
It was my star team, at least
the ones who are in orbit.
Like I said, I'm a walk-in.
So I'm in an immersion
program, which
means my consciousness is being
streamed from a different star
system in Earth orbit.
So--
>>NOORY: You don't think they
intentionally diffuse that
call to make it sound that way?
>>RA EL: No, I don't.
Because that's not--
there's a six-minute video.
That's not the full video.
In that call, I ask, is this
our technology or yours?
And I say something like,
I can't understand you
and they say yours.
Now, ETs are not allowed to
use their regular voices,
so they can only use
distorted AI sounding voices.
>>NOORY: Which is what we heard.
>>RA EL: Right.
Because it goes against
Galactic Federation
Laws to have direct
interference like that.
So they go around a few
loopholes to communicate.
>>NOORY: Krys, give
us your overview
of what you think
the human race is.
>>RA EL: What do I think it is?
>>NOORY: Yeah, I'm sure
you've taken a look at it
in a perspective.
I mean, do you think there are
other humans on other planetary
systems?
>>RA EL: Yes.
So the human race is--
an emanation of the source.
It's emanation of the ether.
Humans were not-- humans did
not originate from planet Earth.
And there was no
DNA manipulation
that generated the human being.
Humans are really Lyrans.
So a lot of people assume
that Lyrans are cat people
and they're not.
Humans, this biological
form is actually
what we would call
a space human.
So humans are actually
interdimensional
ETs, asleep, unaware of that.
Most humans are unaware of their
galactic or cosmic identity.
And that's the work I
do is help people come
into that remembrance.
>>NOORY: We are in now
into the third dimension.
But many people talk
about the fifth dimension,
which is a higher
plane of consciousness.
What do you think of the
humans ascending into that?
>>RA EL: I think that
all realities are
based on thoughts and ideas.
The fifth dimension is not
a plane that you reach.
It's a concept.
It's a state of
being that is birthed
through your own awareness.
The more that you can perceive
about reality, the more access
you have to it.
It's not really
about what dimension,
it's more about what you think
is possible or not possible,
what you think you
can or cannot do.
>>NOORY: What can we do?
>>RA EL: Whatever we
want to do, whatever we--
>>NOORY: Unlimited?
>>RA EL: Unlimited.
Unlimited.
We're only limited by the fact
that we have picked up programs
that make us feel limited.
But humanity is not biological.
We are the source.
We are the ether.
So we can do whatever we put
our minds to quite literally.
And there's physics behind that.
That's why I teach ether physics
about how that all takes place.
>>NOORY: The late
Zecharia Sitchin
was convinced that some kind
of life form on this planet
was altered, and here we are.
And he believes that a race
called the Anunnaki came
from another planet.
That is in our solar system.
And a 3,600-year
elliptical orbit,
it goes way out and comes
back, way out and comes back.
Is that conceivable that they
genetically altered whatever
was on the planet at the time?
>>RA EL: It's conceivable,
because anything is conceivable,
but it's not accurate.
There's a little truth
to every-- just kidding,
I like to say, so
you do not alter DNA
through manipulating
it physically.
You alter it by your thoughts.
So if you tell a
people a certain thing
and they start to
believe it, their DNA
will start to reflect that.
So it's consciousness
that alters the DNA.
Secondly, the Anunnaki are
not one group of people.
They are a conglomeration
of ET races
with all kinds of
different agendas.
So a lot of the history
that we're taught
is meant to keep humans
in a loop spiraling
without actually giving
them the keys to freedom.
And that's what I like to
do, is give people the keys
to their own transcendence.
So--
>>NOORY: What about DNA?
Where does that fit in?
>>RA EL: DNA is living memory.
Your DNA is only limited
to what you personally feel
is possible or not possible.
So a lot of people think that
if you do a certain thing,
you activate your DNA.
You activate your DNA through
your own consciousness,
through your own mind.
So, for example, if I
believe that I can only
walk and have this
physical experience,
then my DNA is going
to reflect that.
If I transcend those limiting
thoughts and beliefs,
now I create the etheric pulse
rhythms that bring in the--
or I could say generate
that belief system.
We call that DNA.
>>NOORY: Krys, we mentioned
you're an ether physicist, as
well as a Noeticist.
What is an ether physicist?
>>RA EL: So I study
the frameworks
of reality, the
principle of creation,
you could say, the
principle of being,
and where a lot of
science modern science
is based in hard matter.
I go beyond that into the
thing that generates matter.
And I understand that that is
the keys to our transcending
our earthly experience
is going into the ether,
going into the source and
studying the principles of how
energy moves, how consciousness
constructs itself, things that--
things of that nature.
>>NOORY: How did this
information come to you?
>>RA EL: Noetically.
Because I'm a Noeticist.
>>NOORY: Telepathically?
>>RA EL: Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I meditate a lot and--
one of the things about me
is I allow myself to get
into very deep states of being.
And in that state of
being is all information.
And so understanding
what I truly am,
not just a human being.
I have access to information
because I don't block myself.
And so it comes through me
in meditation through dream.
>>NOORY: How do
you know it's real?
>>RA EL: How do
I know it's real?
Well, I think that what we do is
we think that imagination is not
real, but imagination is
the only thing that is real.
Before you think of anything,
it happens in your mind first.
So it's real because
I give it validity.
I don't depend on
any external source
to validate anything
that I have experienced.
>>NOORY: Are we ever
into a DNA upgrade?
Does that happen?
>>RA EL: All the time.
Upgrades, downgrades,
medium grades because--
>>NOORY: Who does the upgrading?
>>RA EL: Each individual
consciousness.
Each soul.
>>NOORY: We do it ourselves?
>>RA EL: We do it ourselves.
Yeah.
Now, I will say something
about that, though.
If you take 12 people and
you put them in a room
and you say that this
is the year 1933, right?
Meaning, you know, it's
2024, but we took 12 people,
we put them in a room.
We set up the room to
look like it's 1933.
We talk about 1933.
Their bodies will start
to change to mirror 1933
because it's the environment
that they're now picking up
on that is shifting their ideas.
And so you can see
in that example
that DNA is simply a memory.
It's what you think is real.
It's what you think
is possible or not.
It's not based on anything
other than the mind.
>>NOORY: Some believe that
Earth is a prison planet, Krys,
that the souls are
just stuck here.
What do you think
of that concept?
>>RA EL: That's a limited way of
thinking because it's a thought
pattern that is spread
throughout different spiritual
communities to create
an effect of limitation.
I don't think that's true.
Because when I understand
myself and you and everyone
else as an emanation of
the ether, as the source,
then what we deem
to be possible is.
So that's one narrative
that people can fit into.
Earth is a prison planet.
On some level, I could see that.
But that's until you
understand that you're
the one creating the conditions
through your misinterpretation
of reality.
And once you transcend
that, you can come
into a higher state of being.
>>NOORY: I find you to
be very enlightened.
Am I right?
>>RA EL: You tell me.
That would be-- up to you.
>>NOORY: I interviewed
you once on a radio show.
This is our first "Beyond
Belief" program with you.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You seem
very enlightened.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That's a compliment.
>>RA EL: Thank you.
Yeah.
And I appreciate the compliment.
And I hesitate because I know
that even the advanced, the most
advanced being in reality
is just beginning.
Because time is not-- time
is not a linear thing.
It's eternal.
>>NOORY: What is time
and consciousness?
Are they related?
>>RA EL: Very related.
Time is consciousness.
So time is the
awareness of being.
So when you are aware of
yourself, as something,
you create time.
Time is not something
held on a clock.
We say, how long
have you been here?
We have 45 minutes.
Whatever.
That clock is simply keeping
track of a point of focus.
But it's not time.
So time is the linear
progression of one's thoughts.
>>NOORY: Why is it so
important to understand
how time functions, Krys?
>>RA EL: Because time
leads to gravity.
It leads to different
kinds of energy, functions,
and abilities.
>>NOORY: You would have
loved talking with Albert
Einstein in his day.
>>RA EL: Him and Tesla
and Maxwell Faraday
and a lot of those guys.
But yes, so time is
important because it's
the framework of everything.
When you understand what time
is, you understand what you are,
time is the last thing that
gets dissolved before you
become your pure self again.
If you think of the ocean and
you take one drop of that ocean.
And you move it to another drop,
another part of the ocean, still
the ocean.
>>NOORY: Yes, it is.
>>RA EL: So time
is the same thing.
No matter where
you're at, you're
still in the flow of the
ether, of the source.
>>NOORY: Can you compress time?
Can you change time?
>>RA EL: Yes, you can.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: How?
>>RA EL: You need to
focus on your thoughts.
If you focus and you close
your eyes and you become aware,
I'm thinking of maybe
going for a hike.
If I can follow and I
can feel that energy,
it creates a gravity.
I'm going for a hike.
I see myself going
down the trail.
That is time.
That linear movement is time.
Now, I'm going to switch to
whenever I was five years old
eating a piece of candy.
Now, I've traveled back in time.
If you do this
consistently enough,
you could literally
teleport from one part
of the ether to another because
you change your etheric pulse
rhythm.
You become the space that
you are thinking about.
>>NOORY: Why does it seem
like the older we get,
the faster time goes by?
>>RA EL: That's a great
question, George, because--
we think that there's an end.
And so we try to
hurry up and get
things done because we
think that the end is
coming because we don't
comprehend our eternal nature.
And so humans live this very
hurry, hurry, hurry, pace.
And so time seems
like it's slipping out
of our hands instead
of understanding
what time really is, which
is just our thoughts.
And so as we get older, we don't
live in that theta wave anymore.
We see more rushed through
our life from society,
from the world we live in.
>>NOORY: If you could
travel back in time,
where would you go?
>>RA EL: So I would say if I
could change my etheric pulse
rhythm and fit a different
frequency experience,
I would experience what some
would call a future where
humanity understands
the concepts I'm
looking to share with them.
Now, from that vantage point,
the future and the past
are the same thing.
They're not two
different things.
>>NOORY: This is the
physicist in you popping up.
>>RA EL: This is--
it's coming out.
I can't hide it.
That's what I would do.
I would create an
etheric pulse rhythm
where I can experience harmony
within this specific human
collective and see people
transcend their limited beliefs.
>>NOORY: Would you want to
go back to a specific event,
maybe witnessing Jesus
Christ or something?
>>RA EL: Touchy topic.
Touchy topic.
No.
I wouldn't.
I would rather go and
experience the times
whenever ETs were on the
planet communicating directly
with humans without there being
any protocols or anything.
That's what I would
want to experience.
>>NOORY: I was working
on a script for a movie
a long time ago.
>>RA EL: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Never got
made, but it came close.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Where a
college professor
invented a time machine.
>>RA EL: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: And he
made it specifically
to want to go back into
time to save Jesus.
And so he made the time machine.
He went back into
time, and he's there
at the crucifixion where
they're ready to nail Jesus
to the cross.
And he comes in and
he barges his way in.
And he had a gun.
They didn't have
guns in those days.
>>RA EL: Yep.
>>NOORY: And he's holding
everybody at gunpoint.
They don't know what they are.
All the Roman soldiers
are all backed off.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And he said, Jesus,
you're coming back with me.
I'm going to save you.
And Christ stopped
him and said, you
don't know what you're doing.
This needs to happen.
>>RA EL: That's accurate.
>>NOORY: Unbelief.
So time did not change for him.
>>RA EL: So if you were
to travel-- thank you
for sharing that, by the
way, if you were to travel,
let's say, back in time, to use
that linear sense, the moment
you change something
there, you've
created another
alternate timeline.
Time is like--
>>NOORY: What are
timelines to you?
>>RA EL: What are timelines?
I call them-- they're
actually time spheres.
So we're each at the center
of our own time sphere
and based on where
our energy is focused
is where the time, gravity
or the gravity flow will go.
That's what we'll experience.
But if you try to change
something happened in the past,
you create an
alternate timeline,
so you can never step
in the same river twice.
So nothing is set.
Every time I move my hand, it
creates a different dynamic.
And this gets into
the ether physics.
>>NOORY: So you don't believe
in the idea of timelines?
>>RA EL: No, not in how
they're shared traditionally.
No.
Nope.
>>NOORY: Do you ever have
a déjà vu experience?
>>RA EL: Yes.
>>NOORY: Explain that.
Why does that happen?
Where you feel as if you
were there at another time.
>>RA EL: If you could
zoom out right now
and you could view us
talking, which we can do,
you'd have-- you'd
have more information.
You'd have more information
because now you're zoomed out,
you're not so focused.
So as you have more
information, you
can see this part, this
part and that part, right?
And you come back into
the body, and now you're
only at the beginning portion.
And so by the time
you get to this part,
you remember that
you saw it before.
Because now, you've
accessed that information.
So déjà vu is what I
call a timeout slip.
You're traveling through the
ethers, picking up information.
But your focus is here
in this linear body.
And so by the time you get to
that future that you experience,
you say, oh, I've
been here before.
Of course, you have.
You've experienced this before.
>>NOORY: Have you had
a déjà vu experience
where not only do you feel as
if you've been in that situation
before, but that you actually
know what's going to happen?
>>RA EL: Yes.
>>NOORY: That's weird.
>>RA EL: That is so weird.
Yes.
But it's fun and
you can control it.
That's the thing is
>>NOORY: And your
brain kind of tingles
when it happens, doesn't it?
>>RA EL: Yes.
And do you know why?
>>NOORY: You know what?
I had a doctor try
to explain it to me,
but he talked about temporal
lobe epilepsy and stuff
like that.
And I went, no.
>>RA EL: No, no.
We need to go into
the ET conversation
of this portion of
understanding it,
which would be
everything is frequency.
So as you shift, your
brainwaves shift,
and if you're
sensitive enough, you
can feel that shift
in your physical body.
So yeah, you can learn
how to navigate time
by focusing on your thoughts
because your thoughts create
a gravity well and that gravity
well condenses and becomes
a rhythm, a standing wave that
then becomes an experience.
>>NOORY: I mentioned
earlier that you
would have had a great time
talking to Albert Einstein.
>>RA EL: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: But had you
been able to talk
to him about gravity, what would
you tell him about gravity?
>>RA EL: He's
gotten it all wrong.
>>NOORY: You would
tell him that?
>>RA EL: Yes, because
gravity is not a force.
Gravity is a flow in the ether.
Gravity is generated by
a focused consciousness
of the source or the ether.
So if I imagine, if I
were to have a balloon
is a good example,
and I'm blowing
into that balloon,
what happens to-- what
happens to the balloon?
>>NOORY: It expands.
>>RA EL: It gets bigger.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>RA EL: Right?
>>NOORY: But what does
it get bigger into?
>>RA EL: Into itself.
So it becomes more of itself
and it would create a torus.
>>NOORY: It's like the universe.
>>RA EL: Yes.
So gravity is the
expression and focus
of an energy that then
creates a toroidal field that
then becomes self-generating and
self-repeating over and over.
And that's what planets are.
So planets do not have gravity.
They are created from gravity.
>>NOORY: And without gravity?
>>RA EL: What about it?
>>NOORY: There's nothing.
Everything falls apart.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
To some degree, yes.
Everything would fall apart.
It would go back
to pure potential
until an observer focuses and
it generates energy again.
And as soon as you focus,
you create gravity.
>>NOORY: How does
gravity and ether relate?
>>RA EL: Gravity is
the flow of ether.
That's it.
So the ether being
a pure potential.
Nothing's happening, but
everything's happening.
You can manipulate the
ether through your thoughts,
through shape, through
tone, through sound.
So as I focus in a meditating,
the ether is flowing.
Whatever I'm focusing on,
that ether starts to spiral
and that spiral again becomes
a standing wave that then has
frequency harmonics that
then define the thing
I'm focusing on, and we
call that manifestation
or a solid object.
This is just a materialization
of consciousness.
>>NOORY: Let me
see what that is.
Crystal, right?
>>RA EL: Yeah, well,
it's an Andara Crystal.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Does this
do anything for you?
>>RA EL: It depends
on who you ask.
For me, yes.
For others, maybe not.
>>NOORY: You carry
it with you often?
>>RA EL: Yeah.
Yeah, I do, actually.
Yeah.
It's a great connector piece.
>>NOORY: Can you get
on a plane with that?
>>RA EL: Mm-hmm.
Yep.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I'm going to
throw some slogans your way
and tell me about this.
What is gravitic thought?
>>RA EL: Gravitic thought is
what I was just describing.
The second you start
to think of something,
you start to manipulate
and coalesce the ether
and it creates a gravity well,
which is just a flow or--
yeah, it's a flow in the ether.
>>NOORY: Can you manifest
your own reality?
>>RA EL: Not only
can we, but that's
all that's ever happening.
That's why there's so many
negative agendas coming up
with this eclipse,
because the powers that
want to be or want to
pump out ideas for people
to pay attention to, because
whenever humans pay attention
and they think
something, they start
to generate that
gravitic thought
and then it becomes real.
>>NOORY: Krys, if somebody wants
to change their life totally,
what do you recommend they do?
>>RA EL: Stop trying
to change their life.
>>NOORY: Just go with the flow?
>>RA EL: Not necessarily go with
the flow, but recognize what is,
accept the truth of
their current situation.
Because when you
accept things, you also
let them go at the same time.
And then from there, you--
arises the solutions.
>>NOORY: Why is it
important to understand
the function of time,
gravity, consciousness,
and put them all together?
>>RA EL: When you put
them all together,
you get a transcendent
human species.
You get a species that is
mature, wise, sentient, that
has interstellar capacity.
We no longer use nefarious
technologies that harm us.
We start to harmonize with
other beings in the cosmos.
We get to advance on our
journey as a collective.
>>NOORY: When somebody comes
to you for help or advice,
how do you start?
What do you give them?
>>RA EL: What do I give them?
My first initial
thoughts about them is--
are they able to
expand their mind?
Are they able to
think outside of--
>>NOORY: Outside the box?
>>RA EL: Outside
the box but also
outside of the
contemporary thought forms,
even in the spiritual community.
My work is designed
for people who
are ready to transcend
lowering thought forms.
So that's just one way.
>>NOORY: Is meditation
important to you?
>>RA EL: It's the key
for me, for everything.
Different forms of meditation.
But yes, it's vitally important.
>>NOORY: How do you meditate?
>>RA EL: Sometimes as
I'm falling asleep,
I could sit and meditate.
I can do qigong and meditate.
It can be by water.
A conversation can
be a meditation.
>>NOORY: Music?
>>RA EL: Music is meditation.
I feel like my life
is a meditation.
I feel like I'm in a meditative
state 99% of the time.
>>NOORY: What does
meditation do to you?
>>RA EL: It helps to shift
the harmonics in my brain.
And if I can do that, I can
change the molecular structure
of my body.
I control my own energy flow,
my own qi, you could say.
And I heal myself
through meditation,
and I can do a bunch of
other really cool things.
>>NOORY: Are there other
ether physicists out there?
>>RA EL: I'm sure.
I don't know if
they know it yet,
but I think what I do
is one in a million
because the contemporary
scientific world doesn't even
believe in the ether.
So I know that I'm an
anomaly in that sense.
>>NOORY: How did you
discover ether physics?
>>RA EL: I've studied a
lot of Dan Davidson, Viktor
Schauberger.
I've studied Tesla.
I've studied--
>>NOORY: You've
studied from the best.
>>RA EL: What's that?
>>NOORY: You've
studied from the best.
>>RA EL: Yes, John Kiely.
But mostly, I studied myself.
And that's really--
that study of self
led to John Kiely, Viktor
Schauberger and all those guys.
>>NOORY: Trial and error?
>>RA EL: Trial and error.
Yes.
Wanting to know the truth.
I would go out every night
and meditate under the stars
and ask questions.
Just say, hey, I want
to know the truth.
And something that I think
is really important that I
need to say is this is why in
this video, listen to yourself.
They cannot control you.
They cannot hurt you.
It came through the phone
because whenever a human being
can really listen to
their inner source,
that's where the magic is.
I call it the zero
point meditation,
really getting to that
place of stillness
and you create your
own gravity well,
and you become the information.
You become the teaching.
>>NOORY: What has been the
most fascinating thing that
has happened to you since you
started learning all this?
>>RA EL: Seeing how quick my
reality reflects my thoughts.
I mean, even just
walking to this,
I saw a sign that said
ascendant analytics.
I saw something about time.
So I'm seeing a direct
holographic feedback
between thought and intangible
physical experience.
And I know that's
just the start of it.
And I'm working on a
few other things that
are developing teleportation
technologies, things
like this that have a lot
to do with how we think.
And it's all possible.
>>NOORY: It's
remarkable, isn't it?
>>RA EL: It's the most
fun a being could ever
have is being conscious
of what they are
and breaking their own limits.
It's exhilarating.
It really is.
>>NOORY: Do people get
it when they talk to you?
>>RA EL: No.
>>NOORY: They don't understand.
[LAUGHS]
>>RA EL: I don't
think most people do.
I've had to quell a
lot of my higher--
that's an awful way to
say it, but I've had to--
I've gotten really
good at speaking
to people in code in a way
that they can comprehend
what I'm really talking about.
So some people get
it, but most don't.
>>NOORY: You bring it
down to their level?
>>RA EL: I bring it down--
I bring it to a space that's
digestible for their current
perception of reality.
Because what I am is
just a gatekeeper.
I just open up the neurological
pathways for people
to comprehend something else.
>>NOORY: What do your friends
say about your ability?
>>RA EL: I've lost more
friends than I have.
I'll say that.
>>NOORY: Because of this?
>>RA EL: Yeah, because I
don't fit in into any box.
I don't subscribe to
any spiritual path.
Again, I'm a Starwalker, so I've
developed a universal framework
of reality that isn't able
to just be put into a box.
I've had a lot of
beautiful people show up,
though, so I will say that.
And they know who they are.
So--
>>NOORY: The science have
it all right or all wrong?
>>RA EL: That's not
the words I would use.
I would say all controlled.
They have it all controlled.
They have it right
for whenever they want
to use it for their benefit.
They have it wrong whenever
they want to use it
for the freedom of humanity.
>>NOORY: So we heard your
conversation with Einstein.
What about Nikola Tesla?
>>RA EL: Yeah, I would
love to talk to him,
because him and Michael
Jackson, actually.
>>NOORY: That was a tragedy.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Losing him.
>>RA EL: Yep.
But those level beings, those
people are advanced souls.
And there's a-- do you
remember the "Twilight Zone."
>>NOORY: I sure do.
>>RA EL: One of my favorite
episodes in the "Twilight Zone,"
I'm forgetting the title, but
there's this guy who came in.
He was an extraterrestrial.
Looked human like us.
Because most extraterrestrials
look like us, George.
They're not ETs with five heads.
Some are, but most of
them look like this.
Anyways, he has a
package he wants
to share with this village.
And the people in the village
are yelling and screaming.
They don't like him at all.
Little boy comes
up and says, I want
to see what's in the package.
The guy goes to show him and
one of the villagers shoots him.
So the guy's laying
on the ground
and the boy opens up the
box and inside the box
was the cure for cancer.
>>NOORY: He was
there to help people.
>>RA EL: Mm-hmm.
So humans have to get to
the level of consciousness
within their own everyday life
in order to really comprehend
the nature of reality.
They have to let go of most
of outdated scientific data
and really start to
ask the hard questions.
Who am I?
What am I?
What is ether physics?
How does reality actually work?
How does time work?
What is gravity?
Not just to be
appeased, but to really
come into a higher level of
functioning within their lives.
>>NOORY: What would you
talk to Tesla about?
>>RA EL: I would talk to Tesla
about privatizing his work.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>RA EL: Yeah.
So, brother, you have
a lot going for you.
This is not meant for the world.
This is meant for those
who are ready for it.
And they would eat you alive
if you come out the wrong way
with this kind of technology.
But I'd also talk to
him about teleportation
and interdimensional travel.
>>NOORY: And Michael Jackson,
what would you say to him?
>>RA EL: I would
say the same thing.
I would actually
say thank you to him
because I think he
knew what was going on.
>>NOORY: Did he teach
you the moon dance?
>>RA EL: Oh, yeah, he did.
He taught me a lot.
Yep.
And I would say
thank you to him,
but I would also let
him know he's not alone
that there's others like him.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: If you
could wave a crystal
ball or magic wand over the
planet, what would you wish for?
>>RA EL: You see, that's the
thing is, I can't do that.
Although I know I know
how to consciously,
telepathically communicate
with great masses of people
all at once.
I can't impose anything
because all I can do
is offer invitation
for people because it
has to be the planet's
decision to want to reach
a different state of being--
>>NOORY: And the individual.
>>RA EL: And the individual.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: You can't force it?
>>RA EL: I can't force it.
People hear me and
they see this interview
and they think it's bogus.
Then it's not for them
because there's still
things I would like to
talk about that people
have to be ready for.
>>NOORY: All right.
Let's assume you
have a family at home
watching you and me right now.
>>RA EL: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What do they do
to learn the things you've
been talking about?
>>RA EL: What do they
do to learn the things I
have been talking about?
>>NOORY: How do they
get into this mode?
>>RA EL: Yeah.
Very simply put, keep it simple.
Go outside, spend time in
nature, sit by the water,
sit under a tree.
Think about how the
tree spirals and moves.
I would offer a phrase
called notice the stillness.
So if you observe the clouds,
but then you feel that breeze.
But then you look at
the water, they're
all moving in the same flow.
This is the etheric energy
that sustains everything.
So I would suggest that
they get outside in nature
and just observe, just
be present and let
the sentience teach them.
They will teach themselves
through osmosis,
through simply being.
Let go of all of the
modalities and be
present with their
own awareness.
>>NOORY: Of course,
I'm convinced
this planet has been gifted
by all kinds of ET races.
You mentioned some earlier.
Where do they all come
from in terms of--
where are they?
>>RA EL: So we have a
series, not a series.
We have a different groups of
ETs physically in our orbit.
We also have ETs who are
physically here on the planet
that are walking amongst us.
You would not know.
We also have ETs who are
interfacing through bodies
like myself speaking
from different spaces,
whether you call that from
the future or the past.
So they're all over.
That's the thing, George, is
that reality is like this.
It's intermingled.
It's not like the ETs are
here and the humans are here.
It's all connected.
The thing that separates us
is our level of consciousness.
You're only going to experience
what you can perceive
and what you think is real
because it's all here.
>>NOORY: You
mentioned the Lyrans--
>>RA EL: Lyrans.
>>NOORY: On this planet.
But what about the
Pleiadians and the others?
>>RA EL: So that's the thing.
And so the Pleiadians
are Lyrans.
They're a humanoid race.
Yep.
So you have the Illyrians,
which are all space humans.
You have different
kinds of Reptilians.
You have Arcturians.
You have-- a bunch of beings.
There's the Irma, right?
Which are the space
cats, not the--
Lyrans, are not space
cats, and I know
I keep saying that, but yeah.
>>NOORY: You have cosmic
transformative on your website.
>>RA EL: Yeah.
Cosmic Frequency.
Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What does that mean?
>>RA EL: It's the
frequency of the cosmos.
So again-- sharing
transcendental wisdom
through the work I do, just
offering a different frequency
on the planet.
It would be like that
if I had a magic wand,
I would just be waving
this energy and just
there as an invitation for
people to receive or not.
>>NOORY: You mentioned
earlier that you've
lost a lot of friends because
of your belief system.
Did you scare them?
What happened?
>>RA EL: So I don't think
it's necessarily how I am
or how I operate as
much anything to fear.
It's more of it's
uncomfortable for people
because they're
not ready to let go
of their own, their own thought
forms and their own ideas.
>>NOORY: They don't get it?
>>RA EL: Yeah, I don't
think they get it.
And a lot of people--
want to jump ahead
before they've
integrated where they're at.
And so they'll try to get to
something like understanding
what teleportation
is, but that's
not something that's just given
to a species or to a person.
It's something that is grown and
developed within you, that you
come to a deeper
understanding as a byproduct
of your own consciousness.
So I think people simply don't
see the path that I've taken--
to get here.
I've had to sit and actually
think about this stuff,
really get serious
with myself about it.
>>NOORY: How important is
memory and perception to this?
>>RA EL: Oh, that's
a great question.
Memory unlocks DNA.
If I remember a past
life, as some would say,
which is really just a
simultaneous experience,
I would then develop the DNA
harmonics that would give me
the experience of that life.
So memory is very important.
Perception is equally
important because to a bug,
a shoe is a great place to live.
A rotten shoe,
let's just say that.
To us, a human, a shoe is a
great thing to put on our foot.
So the perception
of the bug gives it
one experience of reality.
The perception of the
human gives it another.
>>NOORY: Are you a believer
in reincarnation, Krys?
>>RA EL: Yes, but not
in a linear sense.
So--
>>NOORY: In what way?
>>RA EL: So
reincarnation as in a--
what's the opposite of linear?
It's happening all the time.
So you could be speaking to
a future version of yourself
here physically
and never know it.
So time again is
not a linear thing.
It's more of a sphere.
So on the higher levels
of consciousness,
I could incarnate and
want to be someone
who's talking to the amazing
George Noory at Gaia.
On another experience
in my higher self,
I could want to be a kid
walking through a grocery store.
I leave the studio, I go to the
grocery store, talk to a kid.
Could be me.
>>NOORY: Are you hopeful for
the future of this planet?
>>RA EL: Yes.
I don't hold hope, but I'm
very optimistic because I
see that humans are making
the right decisions to enhance
their perception, to
advance their minds,
to learn different skills.
And they're not buying a
lot of the narratives that
are being forced on them.
So, yeah, I think we're
on the right track.
>>NOORY: Have you
had many past lives?
>>RA EL: I've remembered a lot
of my simultaneous experience.
>>NOORY: How far back do you go?
>>RA EL: I remember how I
got here as an Etherean,
as I go back to the source.
>>NOORY: You're an ET.
>>RA EL: Some would say that.
Yeah.
But an ET is--
not in form, but
in consciousness.
The level of thinking that I
have allowed myself to get to
is one of a lot of
interstellar races.
That's why I can
talk the way I do,
because it's not coming
from the planet's
contemporary general
thought forms.
So yeah, I'm definitely not
from here, that's for sure.
>>NOORY: Do you remember
how you got here?
>>RA EL: Yes, I do.
>>NOORY: Spaceship?
>>RA EL: Immersion pod.
So I-- there's these pods
on certain spaceships
and you put your
extraterrestrial body to sleep
and the soul is just
a pulse through them
or it's a frequency
in the ether.
You can actually reroute that
frequency to a different avatar
like in the movie "Avatar."
>>NOORY: Right.
>>RA EL: And that's what I've
done is I traversed the ethers
and sent my soul signature to
this body to speak here now.
So that's how I got here.
>>NOORY: If you're speaking
to a group of 10,000 people,
what's the one message you
would want them to get?
>>RA EL: That it's OK to
let go and to move on.
It's OK to let go and move on.
And that could be taken
in a myriad of ways
and that there is more humans
in the cosmos like them.
But they have to let
go of the stories
that they've been told in
order to start to perceive
that level of reality.
>>NOORY: How do
people find you, Krys?
>>RA EL: cosmicfrequency.org.
I'll be offering a
Cosmic Academy where
they will be able to go through
a whole series of classes
and then also have specialties
after those series of classes.
Instagram is cosmicfrequncy.
There's not a second "e"
in the word frequency.
And YouTube is
Cosmic Frequency 9.
>>NOORY: Krys, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>RA EL: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: It is so heartening to
know that there's somebody out
there who cares about
the future of this planet
and, more importantly,
the future of us.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]